README.md, before:

# vue-webpack-boilerplate

> A full-featured Webpack setup with hot-reload, lint-on-save, unit testing & css extraction.

> This template is Vue 2.0 compatible. For Vue 1.x use this command: `vue init webpack#1.0 my-project`

## Documentation

- [For this template](http://vuejs-templates.github.io/webpack): common questions specific to this template are answered and each part is described in greater detail
- [For Vue 2.0](http://vuejs.org/guide/): general information about how to work with Vue, not specific to this template

## Usage

This is a project template for [vue-cli](https://github.com/vuejs/vue-cli). **It is recommended to use npm 3+ for a more efficient dependency tree.**

``` bash
$ npm install -g vue-cli
$ vue init webpack my-project
$ cd my-project
$ npm install
$ npm run dev
```

This will scaffold the project using the `master` branch. If you wish to use the latest version of the webpack template, do the following instead:

``` bash
$ vue init webpack#develop my-project
```

:warning: **The develop branch is not considered stable and can contain bugs or not build at all, so use at your own risk.**

The development server will run on port 8080 by default. If that port is already in use on your machine, the next free port will be used.

## What's Included

- `npm run dev`: first-in-class development experience.
  - Webpack + `vue-loader` for single file Vue components.
  - State preserving hot-reload
  - State preserving compilation error overlay
  - Lint-on-save with ESLint
  - Source maps

- `npm run build`: Production ready build.
  - JavaScript minified with [UglifyJS v3](https://github.com/mishoo/UglifyJS2/tree/harmony).
  - HTML minified with [html-minifier](https://github.com/kangax/html-minifier).
  - CSS across all components extracted into a single file and minified with [cssnano](https://github.com/ben-eb/cssnano).
  - Static assets compiled with version hashes for efficient long-term caching, and an auto-generated production `index.html` with proper URLs to these generated assets.
  - Use `npm run build --report`to build with bundle size analytics.

- `npm run unit`: Unit tests run in [JSDOM](https://github.com/tmpvar/jsdom) with [Jest](https://facebook.github.io/jest/), or in PhantomJS with Karma + Mocha + karma-webpack.
  - Supports ES2015+ in test files.
  - Easy mocking.

- `npm run e2e`: End-to-end tests with [Nightwatch](http://nightwatchjs.org/).
  - Run tests in multiple browsers in parallel.
  - Works with one command out of the box:
    - Selenium and chromedriver dependencies automatically handled.
    - Automatically spawns the Selenium server.

### Fork It And Make Your Own

You can fork this repo to create your own boilerplate, and use it with `vue-cli`:

``` bash
vue init username/repo my-project
```

Commit message:

fixed signin and signup flow for firebase auth

README.md, after:

# vue-webpack-firebase-boilerplate

> A full-featured Webpack setup with hot-reload, lint-on-save, unit testing & css extraction (forked from https://github.com/vuejs-templates/webpack) including

* [Firebase](https://firebase.google.com)
* [Bootstrap CSS Framework](https://getbootstrap.com)
* [Bootstrap Vue](https://bootstrap-vue.js.org/)
* SASS support
* Auth Management via Firebase Email Auth provider

> This template is Vue 2.0 compatible. 

## Documentation

- [For the original template](http://vuejs-templates.github.io/webpack): common questions specific to this template are answered and each part is described in greater detail
- [For Vue 2.0](http://vuejs.org/guide/): general information about how to work with Vue, not specific to this template
- For this template:

1. Before you start you need to setup a Firebase account ([here](https://firebase.google.com))
2. Edit your Firebase config in the `config` directory for your different environments:
* `/config/dev.env.js`
* `/config/prod.env.js`
* `/config/test.env.js`

## Usage

This is a project template for [vue-cli](https://github.com/vuejs/vue-cli). **It is recommended to use npm 3+ for a more efficient dependency tree.**

``` bash
$ npm install -g vue-cli
$ vue init pichsenmeister/webpack-firebase firebase-app
$ cd firebase-app
$ npm install
$ npm run dev
```

The development server will run on port 8080 by default. If that port is already in use on your machine, the next free port will be used.

## What's Included

- `npm run dev`: first-in-class development experience.
  - Webpack + `vue-loader` for single file Vue components.
  - State preserving hot-reload
  - State preserving compilation error overlay
  - Lint-on-save with ESLint
  - Source maps
  - SASS compiling support

- `npm run build`: Production ready build.
  - JavaScript minified with [UglifyJS](https://github.com/mishoo/UglifyJS2).
  - HTML minified with [html-minifier](https://github.com/kangax/html-minifier).
  - CSS across all components extracted into a single file and minified with [cssnano](https://github.com/ben-eb/cssnano).
  - Static assets compiled with version hashes for efficient long-term caching, and an auto-generated production `index.html` with proper URLs to these generated assets.
  - Use `npm run build --report`to build with bundle size analytics.

- `npm run unit`: Unit tests run in PhantomJS with [Karma](http://karma-runner.github.io/0.13/index.html) + [Mocha](http://mochajs.org/) + [karma-webpack](https://github.com/webpack/karma-webpack).
  - Supports ES2015+ in test files.
  - Supports all webpack loaders.
  - Easy mock injection.

- `npm run e2e`: End-to-end tests with [Nightwatch](http://nightwatchjs.org/).
  - Run tests in multiple browsers in parallel.
  - Works with one command out of the box:
    - Selenium and chromedriver dependencies automatically handled.
    - Automatically spawns the Selenium server.
